# 2022-01-21
## Who

* Kate Dames
* Blaise Pabon
* Matt Wynne

## What happened

* Kate and Blaise showed up 2 weeks in a row!
* We talked about the docs, and their shortcomings
* We decided we wanted a real example of Cucumber used in practice
* We looked at https://github.com/gothinkster/realworld
* We decided to start work on the thingy to retire inactive contributors (https://github.com/cucumber/commitbit/issues/3)
* We made an example map: https://miro.com/app/board/uXjVOVYhVEw=/?moveToWidget=3458764517125398282&cot=14
* We had this retro

## Insights

* Kate liked that we're using a real-world example.
* Kate liked going through the example mapping looking at actual data in the examples - e.g. Greg, Julien etc.
* Kate liked that we used Miro for collaboration to pin-down our thoughts - park some things for later etc.
* Blaise liked doing example mapping in action, so concretely. Learning the distinctions between a rule / example and a story.
* Blaise: Materials used to teach cucumber don't emphasise the end result (e.g. the intermediate progress towards a goal). Also don't emphasis how you can use a single test to run against multiple implementations.
* Matt: Our docs don't give people enough context as they arrive - straight into the guts of installation without any signposts
* Matt: How much we discovered about a problem I thought was simple. I love example mapping!
* Kate: I wanted to be more actively participating in the miro board. More hands on. Was it a lack of familiarity? Should we have mad more formal mob roles? What are the rules of the example mapping game?
* Kate: It was fun, thank you!

## Actions

* Matt: figure out where we should implement this - in the existing commitbit repo or somewhere else?
* Kate: think about the process and formalising example mapping
